Slow down.
Uh uh tang law
I'm going to take a shower first
There are drinks in the refrigerator, tea, coffee
Where are you going by yourself?
You live in such a big house by yourself?
Don't tell me
You borrowed this house too
Not really.
Okay, go take a shower
It's really hard for you
Such a handsome guy was almost used to being a terracotta warrior today
Tang green
What's the matter, you're not so impersonal, are you?
You say I'm impersonal
That's right, I'm just impersonal
It's been a thousand years of marriage
What chat with me
I'd like to see what secrets you're hiding
It should be fine this time, right?
Tang Lu, help me take off my underwear